# Wharton-Customer-Analytics-Datathon
# This project is based on a real dataset pertaining to the UK clients of Baring PE Asia, which cannot be shared for contractual reasons. 
Cross-selling- Selling a different product or service to an existing customer.(for instance, introducing e-commerce customers to retail stores for greater benefits)
SKU- Stock Keeping Unit, refers to a unique number used to identify the product,product size,type and the manufacturer. 
Market Basket- A market basket is a permanent mix of goods and services that are consistently purchased and sold throughout an economic system
Market Basket Value- It refers to the overall price of the basket of goods in any given year divided by the same basket size in the base year(base year is the first of a series of years in an ecomnomic or financial index).

The above terms will help you navigate through the presentation(included in this repository along with the code). 
Basically, after performing the data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis and modelling, we have proposed the solution of cross-selling to eliminate the drawbacks of E-commerce- more customers returning stuff they buy due to wrong size or other such reasons which obviously results in higher costs incurred. Customers are also not able to enjoy the traditional shopping experience. A potential way to cross-sell from E-commerce to retail is by offering to customers the facility of picking up their purchased items in stores for no delivery fee. Another idea would be to address the problem of returns due to wrong size directly by telling them about nearby shops where they can try the clothes on if they wish to do so
However, I understand what you may be thinking right now, what if some customers don't want the hassle of going to the shop in person? To address this issue, we could provide them with an additional option- an employee from a nearby retail store will be sent to this customer's address with all the sizes he or she wishes to try on. Of course, it will be made clear that if the customer opts for this, they have to finalize one of the sizes. This solution will not result in any additional costs to the firm since the employee from the retail store will be visiting in his or her normal working hours and another employee will always be present at the retail store to help customers who walk in for the retail experience. 
I will personally recommend that the viability of these solutions must be tested through customer surveys or interviews, which are often underrated but offer important insights which can be overlooked during the technical approach of data analysis and modelling.
